c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Sentinel.exe.config
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Sentinel.exe
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Sentinel.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Sentinel.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.Form1.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.Resources.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.exe
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\JWT.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Twilio.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Twilio.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.vbproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Sentinel.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\bin\Debug\Sentinel.application
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sentinel\Sentinel\obj\Debug\Sentinel.application
